# Copy of 7/26口语稿

last week my favorite singer published her first album with 11 new songs of her written by a groups of professional writers and singers. She owns several millions fans and is good at pop music.

when i was checking there are a few comments lied and said that the albums would be sold the third day in order to get one of the top 500 albums with the autograph of the singer.

It was quite funny to see some comments like this because I knew they would be sold the second day clearly by looking at the official notice and I know that they were just kidding. And until the third day some people complaint that they were tricked by those comments.

And so far, her fans have already raised over a million yuan and exceeded the expectation for over a hundred time. I think it's such a miracle and I'm so proud of her

签名 autograph

被绿 cheated

开玩笑 trick

---

My last winter holiday was really impressive. I didn't go travel during that time. I had just spent my whole holiday at home. Then the outbreak of COVID-19 had suddenly changed everyone's life. Later, everyone didn't go to school in the next a few months. I and my classmates stayed at home and have classes everyday online. It is a useful method for people to study if they cannot go to school for some reason. However it give a few people chances to be lazy.

Sadly I didn't worked hard very much at that time and I didn't keep up academically that I played with my friends online a lot.

It's really an unusual vacation that I regreted I had not worked hard since I didn't learned well. If I have got a chance to go back, I think I won't be lazy anymore since it's too dissapointing to be backward compared with other people and I even got bad marks in my high school entrance examination.