# 大作文

Since crime is a kind of bad behaviour that all the region hope to decline. Somebody claim that improve the education for people is much more useful compared with sending criminals to the prison. However I do not think it very persuasive.

First of all I would like to say that it is not always true that education can stop everyone from breaking laws in fact.

Then, education is able to offer people a lot of professional knowledge and skills which can sometimes help people to realize their criminal wills and plans. As we study some criminal cases, it is ~~usually~~ easy to find that a big part of those cases required a little necessary skills. The criminals are unable to commit those offences without being well educated. For example I remember one year before, there was one case in my city. A gang of thieves bypassed the guards of a villa and then removed the security system in the villa. After that, they succeeded in opening a safe and took away the valuable jewelleries and cashes inside it. In this case, those criminals would not succeed unless they have strong ability to cooperate.

Besides, many criminals also suffer from mental problems which is inborn or comes from some special experiences from their later life and caused mental perversion. In this way, it is not very useful to help them control their desire to commit crimes since this problem is more related to psychology and science but not education. I remember I have once read a book about criminal psychology. Some of the criminals suffered from domestic violence a lot and killed people later in their life in order to get pleasure.

Therefore, instead of education, prison is useful to frighten the criminals since it can deprive their pleasant life that they could enjoy so they may think twice before they make their decision. Prison is the most useful one for these kind of criminals who suffer from mental problems.

---

要回题

最后一段写generally来看education可以作为辅助但是不够有用，在education没用的情况下