# 7/3口语问题

# Film star

## 问题

1. Who is your favorite film star?
2. Are international film stars popular in your country?
3. Have you ever met a movie star in real life?
4. Do you want to be a super star?

## 回答

My favorite fim star is David Tennant, a Scottish male actor. He is the actor of the tenth doctor in the classic English TV drama, Doctor Who. He looks great in the drama in his long coat and is very good at doing facial expression like "blue gaze" which means mournful overlook. I like him just because he show the audience a active, impish and talkative image of the [doctor.](http://doctor.By) Andthe tenth doctor is one of my favorite doctors as well.

From my point of view, international film stars are not so popular by contrast with Chinese local actors since we have strong social websites like Weibo in China. However I have to say that international film stars is still popular as there are great numbers of fans of foreign films in China.

No, I have never met a star before. In fact I'm not interested in seeing a star or idol in real life since I may be shy. Besides, I would like to focus on their works instead of stars themselves.

Probably not. I don't like to be followed by too many people in the real life, it can sometimes make me uncomfortable and it might cause some problems to my daily life as well. Besides, there is great pressure for celebrities as they mustn't express politically wrong speech in the public. However I like to be followed and praised on the Internet for my videos or articles, everyone is happy when they are appreciated.

---

# Teacher

## 问题

1. When you were at school, did any of your teachers have a strong influence on you?
2. What qualities should a good teacher have?
3. What do you think of teaching as a job?
4. Are teachers in China very strict?

## 回答

Sure, I still remember my class teacher in the middle school. She's very thin and short. By contrast, she has a strong soul and a bad temper as well. She has great sense of responsibility and justice to ensure the learning atmosphere and harmony among students. I've learned a lot from her about how to deal with relationship or bulling, and how to be kind. She had a strong influence on me and I respect her very well.

Good teachers are needed by the society. So from my point of view, a good teacher needs good teaching skills in order to do their job well first. He or she should have a sense of responsibility and justice like what I just said since he is also responsible for students' mental growth and has to teach the students about the world, their life and how to be good, their Three Outlooks exactly. That's the most important part about a teacher's work indeed.

I think teacher is a really great job as teachers have to undertake great responsibility. Teaching is a really hard work as well. Every day, teachers have to do lots of things. For instance, they have to prepare the props like powerpoints and equipments for the classes next day. Besides, they have to check students' homework, some of them even stay up late checking. Last but not least, as they have to speak a lot everyday, their throats may have some problems. So I think it is a really hard work. However it's really respectable work.

I think the teachers in China is really strict. I guess the reasons is not complicated. There are billions people in this country, a great number of students have to attend college entrance examination and high school entrance examination in their life. The competition among students is extremely difficult everywhere in China. So the teachers have to be strict or the students may not get good rankings.