# 6/29听口作业

- What do people do in the park
- What kind of books do you read
- What methods do you know to learn a new language

[Section2 听写](6%2029%E5%90%AC%E5%8F%A3%E4%BD%9C%E4%B8%9A%2046444cca8205417c866eb85d47eb121e/Section2%20%E5%90%AC%E5%86%99%2028e944b714a0448fad431a73895902ea.md)

---

# What do people do in the park?

Well, as a common kind of public place in China, people can do all kinds of things in the parks. Firstly parks provides playgrounds for everyone nearby. People can take a walk, play sports, enjoy the view in the parks. The most popular activity are probably square dancing as there are lots of aged people who is fond of it in China. Besides, a lot of crowded activities can be hold in parks, such as concerts and fairs as there are little place for people to hold any big activities.

# What kind of books do you read?

I often read books about programming in my daily life, such as C Primer Plus. I have kept this hobby for years. I love programming since it can bring me great achievement and fulfillment. Although these books are usually quite expensive, I have a lot of them on my bookshelf. Besides, I'm also interested in fictions, especially online novels. I read them just for fun in my spare time to relax.

# What methods do you know to learn a new language?

As the world is going more and more international, it is now quite necessary for almost everyone to learn a new language. In this way, we have to find some good methods to learn a new language. Firstly, I guess reciting words in a language is the most important and we can use homonym to remember the relationship between the pronouncation and the meaning of a word. Then the variable grammar in a language is also a hard part of the process of language learning. It requires people to practice a lot while talking in real life.