# 大作文

Somebody considers that when designing a building, the outward appearance is more important than the intended use.However, I do not think this is very reasonable.

First I would like to say that as the land resources are now scarce, buildings have to be useful enough in order to make full use of space or it may waste a lot of space. As a building is designed, it will then probably be built in the future. That will take a lot of people a huge amount of money and time.Building a tall, splendid building is really a luxurous thing that it can take years and even decades to finish the program and costs several billions in the same time.In this way, the designers have to think about the input and output of money carefully and the developers will inevitably looking forward to the return since it will cost them a lot of money and they have to get more money back in order to get profits.

~~Otherwise~~ if there are some problems inside the house, people may be not willing to make use of the building.For example, the layout may be not useful engough or have some structural problems which makes the building unsafe or inconenient to work inside. Besides, the fee required to use the building is also a very important factor since the developers have to ensure that people will not give up using the building because of the overhigh fee. If people don't use the building, there will be no resource of wealth which means the developers will not get their money back.

To sum up, since the developers expection of getting enough profit which is closely related to intend use, designers must pay most attention on the building's exact function instead of outward appearance.

---

[重写](%E5%A4%A7%E4%BD%9C%E6%96%87%20e5145fa9f5a443da93a1e4d03d44c281/%E9%87%8D%E5%86%99%203b89775478fb4a759c69627228b6790b.md)

---

# 8/3 Notes

1. 投资回报
2. 使用者
    1. appearance只是一个factor
    2.