# 听口：两篇听写

Right, Sandra. You wanted to see me to get some feedback on your group' s proposal. The one you' re
submitting for the Geography Society field trip competition. I' ve had a look through your proposal and I think it' s a really good choice. In fact, I only have a few things to say about it, but even in an outline document like this you really have to be careful to avoid typos and problems with layout in the proposal, and even in the contents page. So read it through carefully before submitting it, okay?
Will do.
And I' ve made a few notes on the proposal about things which could have been better sequenced . Okay.
AS for the writing itself, I' ve annotated the proposal as and where I thought it could be improved. Generally speaking, I feel you' ve often used complex structures and long sentences for the sake of it and as a consequence. . .
although your paragraphing and inclusion of subheadings help. . . it'  s quite hard to follow your train of thought at times. So cut them down a bit, can you?
Really?
Yes. And don'  t forget simple formatting like numbering. Didn' t I use page numbers?
I didn' t mean that. Look, you'  ve remembered to include headers and footers, which is good, but listing ideas clearly is important . Number them or use bullet points, which is even clearer. Then you' Il focus the reader on your main points. I thought your suggestion to go to the Navajo Tribal Park was a very good idea.
I' ve always wanted to go [there.My](http://there.my/) father was a great fan of cowboy films and the Wild West so I was subjected to seeing all the epics. As a consequence, it feels very familiar to me and it' s awesome both geographically and visually, so it' s somewhere l' ve always wanted to visit. The subsequent research I did and the online photographs made me even keener.

Thank you all for coming to my talk this evening. It'  s nice to see so many people in the audience. For those of you who don' tknow very much about PS Camping, let me start by giving you some background information about the company. The company started twenty-five years ago. It actually opened as a retail chain selling camping equipment, and then twenty years ago, it bought a small number of campsites in the UK, and began offering camping holidays. The company grew rapidly and has been providing holidays in continental Europe for the last fifteen years.
If you book a camping holiday with us, you' Il have a choice of over three hundred sites. In Italy we now have some 64 sites that we either own, or have exclusive use of. France is where we have the majority of sites, and we currently have a project to expand into Switzerland. We also have a number of sites in Northern Spain, particularly in the mountainous region of Picos de Europa. We' ve upgraded all these Spanish sites, and improved them considerably from their original three-star rating.
We believe our holidays offer superb facilities for the whole family. Parents who want their children to be fully occupied for all or part of the day can take advantage of our children' s activities. These are organised by our well-qualified and enthusiastic staff. Each day kicks off with a sports match, perhaps football, or volleyball, followed by an hour of drama for everyone. This may include singing or dancing, mime or other activities. In the afternoon, there'  s a different art activity for each day of the week including a poster competition or model making. What'  s more, our sites are truly child-friendly, and, with this in mind, we operate a no-noise rule in the evenings. Children' s evening activities usually finish at 9.30, or
occasionally 10, and from 10.30 holiday-makers are expected to be quiet in the areas where there are tents.   We want nothing to go wrong on a PS Camping holiday, but if it does, we also want all customers to be insured. If you haven' t organised an annual insurance policy of your own you' Il need to take out the low-cost cover we offer and we require that you arrange this when you make your holiday reservation.
There are many advantages to choosing PS Camping, and to recommending it to others. As a regular customer, you' ll be kept informed of special offers, and your friends can benefit from ten per cent off their holiday, or book a luxury tent for the price of a standard one. In return, we' Il send you a thank-you present, which you can choose from a list of high-quality items.