# 7/1 section2 听写

Hi _, my name is __ . And I'm here from the _ department to public waste. Thank you for coming out to our community meeting tonight. I've got a few words to say about the waste collection here in __. First there's the sorted collection bins themselves. They are made of steady solid material so none of your trash can __ or __ the bin. Also since these thing sit out on the curve overnight rain or shine, they have to be waterproof. We can't have water getting _____ filling up the bin. Remember to pay attention to which bin is which, and sort your waste accordingly. You should have a blue or green bin for recylcable garbage. A yellow bin for unrecyclable garbage and a red bin for toxic waste. Our city-wide waste management is devided into 2 survices. The first is commercial waste collection, or trash collection for buildings. The majority of building waste is paper which goes in the blue or green bins. You'll notice in your office buildings that there are signs warn you not to overfill these bins, all that paper adds up, and the overfilling bin is infinitely hard for collectors to ______________ . Aside from paper, another large source of building waste is metals. Metals such as tin _____ can be put in the yellow recycle bins. But metals like ___ and copper should be disposed off in the red bins. These heavy metals are harmful to the environment, and _____ pollution problem. That's about all the information you need for building waste. Moving on to the second survice. How __ waste collection is probably what you primarily think of when you think of what we do here. Many of the same __ supply, the sorting is the same in __. Please remember to keep the garbage like kitchen waste in a plastic bag, it makes collection easier and lessons be ________ trash smell.