# Copy of 重写

In some countries, children start school at the age four, instead of seven. Some people claim that this has negative effects on the relationship between children and their parents. Do the advantages of this practice outweigh its disadvantages?

- 有利于国家经济发展，有助资源分配
    - 费时费力（影响工作学习）
    - 把对的人放在对的地方
- 克服人口老龄化

---

While there are a lot of children of age four go to school in some countries, somebody believe that may cause some problems to the relationships between children and parents. From my point of view, The advantages have definitely exceeded the disadvantages.

The most obvious and biggest advantage is that sending children go to school early is indeed quite good for the development of national economy and extremely helpful for the resource allocation. It is common knowledge that it is quite a hard job for adults to look after children, it always takes a lot of times them especially for those workers and students who have to work and learn in their daytime. Since the children of age four is very active, the adults have to take their children with them everywhere in order to keep them safe and comfortable. They have the responsibility to teach their children in the same time. If those adults do not have to be in charge of their children and go to work instead. They can have enough time to do their work in their best age like twenty to thirty. In this way, sending their children to school everyday is a good measure to put the right person in the right place.

What's more, if it is easier to take care of children by sending them to school earlier, then the adults are probably more willing to bear more children as this does not affect their daily work too much. It also means that it will be a great method to fight against the aging phenomenon of population especially in those countries in Europe. Last but not least, schools offer great chances for young kids to improve their basic ability and make friends while playing with others of the same age.

To sum up, sending young kids to school early has quite a lot benefits that can help both adults and children. It's extremely helpful for the development of economy system and the population in the country.