# 听写

Good morning, and welcome again to Your City today. With me today is Graham Campbell, a ___ from the city council. He will be telling us about the plan to improve the fast growing suburb of Red Hill. Good morning Graham welcome to the show.

Good morning Carol.

Now, Graham, I understand that there has been a lot of community counciltation for the new plan.

Yes, we've try to address some of the concern of the local groups told us about. People we've heard from are mainly worried about traffic in the area and in perticularly increasing speed of cars near schools. They feel that it's only matter of time before there is an accident as a lot of the children walk to the school. So we're trying to do something about that. Another area of concern is the overhead power lines. These aare very old and a lot of people we spoke to asked if something could be done about them. Well, I'm happy to report that the power company have agreed to move the power lines underground at a cost of 800000 dollars. I think that will really improve the look of the area as well as being safer.

That's good to know, but will that mean an increase in rates for the local businesses in that area?

Well, the power company have agreec to bear the cost of this themselves after a lot of discussion with the council.This is wonderful news as the council now has some extra funds for us to put into other things like tree planting and art work. Now, we've also put together a map which we've sent out to all the residents in the area.And on the map we've marked the proposed changes.Firstly,we'll plant mature pine trees to provide shelter and shade just to the right of the supermarket in Days Road. In order to address the traffic problems,the pavements on the comer of Carberry and Thomas Street will be widened.This will help to reduce the speed of vehicles entering Thomas Street.We think it's very important to separate the local residential streets from the main [road.So](http://road.so/) the roadway at the entry to Thomas Street from Days Road will be painted red.This should mark it more clearly and act as a signal for traffic to slow down.One way of making sure that the pedestrians are safe is to increase signage at the intersections.A 'keep clear' sign wil be erected at the junction of Evelyn Street and Hil Street,to enable traffic to exit at all times.Something we're planning to do to help control the flow of traffic in the area is to install traffic lights half way down Hill Street where it crosses Days Road.Now,we haven't only thought about the cars and traffic,of course, there's also something for the children.We're going to get school children in the area to research a local story,the life of a local sports hero perhaps, and an artist will incorporate that story into paintings on the wall of a building on the other side of Hill Street from he supermarket.And finally,we've agreed to build a new children's playground which will be at the other end of Hill Street close to the intersection with Carberry Street.

Wonderful, now, what's the next stage

Well, the final