# 7/17口语稿

# Polite person

I recall a friend of mine whose name is Billy. He is quite tall and slim as well. I meet him in grade seven, on the school bus. Then we started chatting. Later I found him a very talkative, kind, in the same time, polite person. Besides, he had good marks as well. He is such a polite person that he always greet other people when he meet his schoolmates and teachers wherever at school or on the streets. He never use bad words and always speak very gently. Some times I meet some problems while learning, then I can go to ask for advice from him. He answered me with great patience every time. So I consider him very helpful in the same time. I guess that people like him can probably be very welcome in everywhere. I think I can learn from him a lot such as work hard and his politeness. Now I am still in contact with him. 

# Famous person

When I was still in primary school. I'm a big fan of Leijun, who is considered as Chinese Jobs humorously by his fans. He is the model and idol to a lot of Chinese young people as well. From my point of view his greatest achievement is that he founded the company, Xiaomi. By the time he worked in Xiaomi, he played a very essential role in making the price of smart phones cheaper in order to make them both affordable and powerful to those pool or normal people who wasn't very rich. In the same time he worked on phone inventing, he also developed the smart phone system base on android, MIUI. To sum up, he did great job in the earliest China internet era. His success didn't come from luck, but mainly his hard work. Besides, he is quite a approachable person. As he works as the CEO of a giant company, he is very kind and talkative. At least, he is always smiling on his photo taken by every person.