# 10/15口语

# Hometown

I'm native to Shanghai, an international modern city and I've lived here for nearly two decades. I can't speak Shanghainese very well although I can understand it. 

Well, the life here is very comfortable. There is well-developed transpotation system which enables people to travel very conveniently. There are lots of shops, malls and restaurants especially in urban area. Thus it's easy for me to get everything I need in the daily life. And I love the busy downtown atmosphere here as well.

Yes, since it is a well-developped city, the competition among people are extremely intense. People have to be much more hardworking in order to get better mark or salary as well. The life pace is fast as well. So sometimes living in such a city can also be very tiring indeed. Besides, live here for long time can cost much money.

Actually recently I'm not a person who like to go out very often. I always devote myself into learning, programming, and music at home or the dormitory. A few weeks ago I used to hang out with one of my friends and buy some books in a nearby book store. I'm quite fond of books about mathematics and programming. By the way, I really would like to learn about machine learning but it requires really difficult maths knowledge in fact.

# Things you own

I have two keyboards so far. I bought my first keyboard in the first year in my high school online. I tried a keyboard once and I made up my mind to buy my own keyboard in the future a few years ago.

I often have a few useless items in daily life actually. For instance, a few years ago I tried to build a new keyboard but failed since I was not satisfied with its feeling and function. After that I sold it on the second hand shopping website, Xianyu. It is really an efficient way to deal with useless items.

I consider the keyboard I'm using recently my most important thing. So far I've already spent maybe more than a thousand on it. At first, I bought each part of the keyboard such as the switches, caps, shells and planes and then I packaged them myself. Later I tried to change each part of it in order to find a better feeling. It is quite costly to make a unique keyboard by yourself. You may spend a few hundred in each part of the keyboard.

Recently I bought myself a dip pen since I always leave my fountain pen in my classroom while sometimes I have to write something in the dormitoy. So a dip pen is both cheat and convenient to use in the dorm for short time.