# 9/12口语

# Teacher

## p2

**Who is your favourite teacher and why?**

Last year, there was a extremely popular newcome uploader called Luoxiang in the video website, Bilibili. He is a famous law professor of a university and is famous for his humorous language and funny examples in classs. He soon became the second person to own over ten million fans on the website using only half a year while the first person spent several years to reach this achievement. He did great job in drawing common persons' interest to law, this difficult subject. Besides, I bought one of his books called Criminal Law Lecture Notes. I found the book is really easy to understand and it introduced a lot of basic knowledge of all kinds of criminal law to me. I think everyone should know something about laws since it's not so far from us in fact.

## p3

**What are your favourite subjects? (Why is that?)**

my favourite subject may be maths. Since I'm not so fund of learning, or maybe I just haven't my favorite subject, I always prefer the subject which I can get more marks from it. Besides, the calculation is very suitable for me since I'm not good at remembering fixed concespts. Besides, I can usually get a lot of sence of achievement from solving difficult questions.

**What atmosphere do you like there to be in class? (Why is that?)**

I prefer the atmosphere which almost everyone in class studies hardly since this kind of atmosphere can inspire me to study hard. It is almost impossible to degenerate while staying in a class like this. You can be answered while facing a difficult question and be inspired when you are down.

# Friends

## p1

**Do you have lots of friends or a few special friends?**

I don't have many friends. In fact, it is really hard to find a true friend who really get on well with me especially when it comes to the "Three outlooks"

**How often do you see your friends? (Why is that?)**

I don't usually meet with my friends who is not always with me although we are still in the same city. We meet each other several times a year, especially in holidays since all of us are not so busy in the same time.

**What sort of things do you do with your friend/s? (Tell me about that.)**

My best friend was my classmate in middle school. We used to play games together a lot with other net friends. Besides, we always chat together. We like talk about all kinds of things. 

**What do you like most about him/her/your friends?**

They are reliable that when I meet some problems, they are likely to give me advice and help me. They are usually very kind that we seldom quarrel. Chatting with them can sometiems give me a lot of new ideas.yhj