# 正文

As now extreme sports become quite popular among a groups of young people, somebody claim that they have to be banned since they are too dangerous that can cause damage to human's live. However, I do not think so.

Some people consider extreme sports extremely risky. However, this is not very convincing. In fact, extreme sports are not so dangerous since they look to exciting and can take people's live once they failed. In this way, this industry is always trying to improve extreme sports from all sides in order to ensure players' safety. The rate of death or hurt doing these sports will then decreased because of the better safety measures.

For instance, before players start playing, they have to experience strict training. In this section, the couches introduce all kinds of essential equipments and the problems or accidents may happen when they doing sports to players. Besides, before doing sports, the players' equipments will be inspected by personnel carefully. Sometimes there will even be professional players follow the players while playing. The number of people died from extreme sports every year are actually quite small, for less than two thousands, which is far less than the number of people died from car crash or sudden death around the world.

Second, I think respecting others' willing to try extreme sports is also respecting theire human rights because everyone have the right to choose their life style if they really desire from their heart if they will not break the law or hurt others. We are not able to keep others from their own choice. In real life, a lot of people have jobs which is even more dangerous than extreme sports, such as policemen, firefighters and professional athletes. These people even face the threat for their health and safety. However, they still choose their lifestyle like this even they understand the risks they are facing. If the society pay respect to their choice and allow these jobs exist, then it should not ban extreme sports because of this kind of so-called risks since it is unfair.

Although some people may think that those jobs are risky but meaningful and important, I think we do not have the right to judge one thing is valuable or not. Actually many extreme sports players claim that they released their pressure comes from daily life and gained amazing experience in their life that can help them face their life more confidently. So I think banning extreme sports is a unfair and unnecessary indeed.