# 2021中秋口语

# Frame1

> What pieces of electronic equipment do you own? (Tell me about them.)
What do you use it / them for? (Tell me about that.)
Do you spend too much time on it / them? (Why is that?)
What other pieces of technology would you like to have? (Tell me about that.)
> 

I own a piece of electronic equipment called raspberry pie. It's a kind of micro computer which can be used for all kinds of small machine such as game consoles, smart robots or personal computers. I bought it with about four hundred yuan.

I used it as a web server for my forum website a few months ago. I ran the website by myself for interest and practicing my web developing skill since I'm quite fond of programming or web building.

I think yes. Since starting learning web building is quite a hard work. You have to deal with the softwares on server and the adjust options like domain name. I always met some problems in the process. Solutions of many problems are unable to find easily online so I have to keep trying myself.

Maybe I really need a CPE device recently. You can refer to it as a small router. It's impossible to place a router in the dorm but the signal there is really bad. Sometimes I have to wait the website to load tens of seconds. So a device like this can greatly improve the speed whe I surf the internet.

---

> What do you usually eat in a typical day? (Tell me about that.)
Who do you usually eat your meals with? (Tell me about that.)
Do you like eating fast food? (Why is that?)
What food or dishes from other countries would you like to try? (Tell me about that.
> 

Maybe that depends on my mood. Sometimes I eat really less when I'm down. Once I've only spent five yuan for a pack of instant noodles in a whole day. But sometimes I also spend over a hundred in a meal in a big restaurant. Normally I spend about twenty each meal for a few dishes.

My mom and grandma when I'm at home. In school, I always eat with a few of my classmates together.

Sure, I love fast food very much, especially Mcdonalds. I like the flavor of beef burger and chips very much. However, I don't usually eat some fast food since I don't usually order food online, it's a little bit expensive, or come across a restaurant when I really want to have some fast food.

Actually I'd like to try different cuisine especially Italian, Korean, Japanse even English food for a long time. Sometimes I guess Chinese cuisine is partly not 'fat' enough since Chinese dishes don't usually contain much oil, cheese or something else with great amount of fat that can give people plenty of enjoyment from calories and energies.

---

> What happens on a typical school day for you? (Tell me about that.)
How much homework do you do each night, on average? (Tell me about that.)
Which aspect of school do you enjoy most? (Tell me about that.)
Are there any aspects of school that you would like to change? (Tell me about that.)·
> 

I have class from 8am to half past 4pm in a typical school day with a evening self-study from six thirty pm to eight fourty pm. Besides, I can spend most of my spare time on my interest like programming or music in addition to my homework.

Actually I don't have a lot of homework. The time of late self study is probably enough for finishing my homework every day. For each subjects teachers usually give only a few questions as homework so that's not very much to me.

I don't think there is any really big problem with my school that I enjoy my school life very much. Besides, the canteen offers me numerous menu options that I don't have to worry about myself to be tired of the sameness of food.

Sure. For instance, my dormitory is located in the third floor so it's really tiring to move among my dormitory, the academic building and the supermarket since I have to take the stairs very often every day. Sometimes the environment in dormitory building isn't very good because of other people's bad behavior.