# 7/10口语稿子

# Market

## What do street markets sell?

Street markets sell all kinds of items since there are a lot different kinds of street markets. Every market may sell goods of different types such as clothes, toys and fruits. In this way, they can offer various of choices for customers with different needs.

## Are there many street markets in China?

Definitely there are a lot of them in every city in China. In Shanghai, there are many single street markets in almost every single road as well as a few streets which consist of only street markets. Most of this kind of streets are considered as the famous tourist attractions.

## What are the differences between street markets and supermarkets?

In my opinion, the biggest difference is that a street markets usually sell only similar goods. It's common to see a street markets filled with only toys. However you can get everything in supermarkets. For instance, you can find food, drinks, daily necessities like umbrellas or tissues at the same time. Besides, the price for the same good in supermarkets and street markets are usually different.

## Do you often go to the supermarket?

Sure, I go to supermarkets a few times almost everyday especially when I'm in the campus since I can get everything I need there including my meals, snacks, tools that I even go to the canteen less often these months.

# Perfume

## Do you use perfume?

No I don't. Most men in China usually don't use perfume in their daily life. Since most Chinese don't have to suffer from body odour. Then, perfume is usually seen as a symble of women in China, in this way, Chinese men seldom use perfume in the past. However, there are more and more men use perfume in their daily life.

## What kind of perfume do you like?

Well, I don't like those perfume with strong smell since it may make people including me feel uncomfortable. In this way I prefer perfume with light smell like fruits.

## What does perfume mean to you?

Although I usually don't think perfume is very essencial and necessary. But sometimes it can mean a lot. For instance it can bring people good mood since good smell can make everyone hap

## Do you give perfume as a gift?

Maybe I don't. The biggest problem is that it's really hard to find the proper type of  perfume for the right person, so I think perfume may not be the best choice unless you know that person very much. Besides, you can give other items like something they really like that you know exactly instead.

# Sky

## How often do you look at sky?

I don't usually look at the sky. Most of the time I look at the sky is when I am guessing the weather before I hang out.

## Do you prefer the sky in the morning or at night?

I prefer the sky at night. But it's quite sad that there are few stars in the sky at night in Shanghai. I've been living here for over a decade and I consider that the sky in Shanghai is not quite beautiful exactly. 

## Is there a good place to look at the sky where you live?

I don't think the sky in Shanghai is very pretty since it's always too monotunous that I can hardly see stars at night. Instead, the tall buildings are also the part of the sky view in Shanghai since there are a lot of tall buildings and they have bright beautiful light as well.

## Have you learnt any courses about stars or planet?

Yes, in science class in primary and secondary school I have learnt something about the galaxy but not very much knowledge. However I'm not keen on it very much. Maybe because I don't usually have much interest in something which is too far from me.