# Copy of 7/3作文

> In some countries, children start school at the age four, instead of seven. Some people claim that this has negative effects on the relationship between children and their parents. Do the advantages of this practice outweigh its disadvantages?
> 

While there are a lot of children of age four go to school in some countries, somebody believe that may cause some problems to the relationships between children and parents. From my point of view, The disadvantages have definitely exceeded the advantages.

Learning early is exactly has some advantages. It can make the children more independent earlier since they left their parents. And they have more time for learning by contrast with those children who go to school at the age sever or later. However that also cause quite a lot issues in the same time. The first problem is that all of the children depend on their parents especially their mother very much. If children go to school early, they may get psychological defect since they leave their parents although it usually takes only several hours every day. Besides, it may not helps children exercise their ability to deal with the relationships because they don't know how to make friends which has to be taught by their parents at all. Last but not least,  as children's mental development is yet weak, they can not study well when they are too young. They may even be weariness of learning in this way.

To sum up, I believe that children should not go to school to early. The disadvantages far more than the advantages. 

[第一版](Copy%20of%207%203%E4%BD%9C%E6%96%87%20a1d82bfb57394086977e613c88cc835b/%E7%AC%AC%E4%B8%80%E7%89%88%20a9fd61609e954f8ba3d7b5834a73ee0d.md)

[改](Copy%20of%207%203%E4%BD%9C%E6%96%87%20a1d82bfb57394086977e613c88cc835b/%E6%94%B9%208c680634d12d4f689b6e2d5c3b4dfff6.md)

[重写](Copy%20of%207%203%E4%BD%9C%E6%96%87%20a1d82bfb57394086977e613c88cc835b/%E9%87%8D%E5%86%99%204f16155e8c854ba5b7a281e046b69a48.md)

- 更独立
- 更早学习知识

- 心理缺陷（小时候对亲人有依赖）
- 锻炼不好人际交往能力
- 厌学心理
- 学不好知识